Add certs expiry params (#456)
theforeman/foremanctl: docs/user/certificates.md

On each run the role compares the Subject Alternative Names in the existing server certificate against the desired list (hostname + any `--certificate-cname` values). If they differ, the CSR and certificate are regenerated automatically. This means both adding and removing CNAMEs are handled transparently without manual cleanup.

> ### Validity period

Reviewer: Can you reduce the bolding in this section?

Author: done

When certificates are generated by foremanctl, you can control lifetimes in **days**:

| CLI flag | Ansible variable | What it controls |
| -------- | ---------------- | ---------------- |
| `--certificate-ca-validity-days` | `certificates_ca_validity_days` | Lifetime of the **CA** certificate (`ca.crt`) |
| `--certificate-validity-days` | `certificates_validity_days` | Lifetime of **server and client** certificates issued for each hostname |

**Defaults:** both are **7300** days (about 20 years).

### Renewing certificates

To re-issue server and client certificates that foremanctl generated earlier, while keeping the same CA (`ca.crt` and CA key), use:

```bash
foremanctl deploy --certificate-renew
```

The `--certificate-renew` flag is **not persisted** in foremanctl’s answers file (one-shot).

### Current Limitations

- Cannot provide custom certificate files during deployment
- Fixed 20-year certificate validity period

> - Limited certificate customization options

Reviewer 2: This limitation is still there.

Author: Done

### Technical Specifications

**Certificate Properties:**
- Key algorithm / size: RSA 4096 by default (`certificates_algorithm_type`, `certificates_algorithm_size`)
- Hash Algorithm: SHA256 (via `community.crypto` defaults)
- Validity:
  - CA: `certificates_ca_validity_days` (default 7300 days)

>   - Server and client leaf certs: `certificates_validity_days` (default 7300 days)

Reviewer 2: what are "leaf" certs?

### Technical Specifications

**Certificate Properties:**
- Key algorithm / size: RSA 4096 by default (`certificates_algorithm_type`, `certificates_algorithm_size`)
- Hash Algorithm: SHA256 (via `community.crypto` defaults)
- Validity:
  - CA: `certificates_ca_validity_days` (default 7300 days)
  - Server and client certs: `certificates_validity_days` (default 7300 days)

> - Extensions: serverAuth / clientAuth as appropriate for server vs client certs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Server and client certificates: `certificates_validity_days` (default 7300 days)
- Extensions: serverAuth / clientAuth as appropriate for server and client certificates
```

I think we should not say "certs" in human readable docs.
